brain games is going on vacation
we've come to the beach to see
how your brain is primed to
handle every chapter of life
your tweens and teens adulthood
and Parenthood even your golden
years
let's play a game that will show
you just what stage of life your
brain is that each number on
this colored wheel is a
different audio frequency
measured in Hertz
your job is to raise your hand
if you hear a tone when it lands
on a certain frequency and we're
going to guess your age
ready 8,000 Hertz
raise your hand if you hear
something
almost everyone should have
raised their hands
so let's been again twelve
thousand Hertz
remember to raise your hand if
you hear the tone
if you raise your hand we guess
you're under 50
when we write
next spin 19,000 hurts
do you hear anything if you
raise your hand
we bet you're younger than 20
years old
how do we do we get them all
right we were able to guess your
age because even though the
human range of hearing is
usually 20 to 20,000 hertz your
ability to hear higher
frequencies
predictably decreases as you age
so the younger you are the
better you probably did at this
game